Added tl;dr to README.md (#88)
apache/cassandra-website: README.md

# Apache Cassandra website

Tooling to build the Apache Cassandra website and documentation.

# tl;dr

```
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/cassandra-website.git
$ cd ./cassandra-website

# make sure you have docker installed

> # website content edits must be done in ./site-content/source/modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# website content edits are done in ./site-content/source/modules
```

# to build the website only using your local edits
$ ./run.sh website build

> # open a browser window and navigate to file:///<full-path-to-parent-directory>/cassandra-website/site-content/build/html/_/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# open a browser window and navigate to site-content/build/html/_/index.html
```

# Cassandra documentation content edits must be done in the Apache Cassandra project ./cassandra/doc/modules
$ git clone https://github.com/apache/cassandra.git

> $ cd ./cassandra/doc/modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cd ./cassandra/

# in-tree Cassandra doc edits are done in ./doc/modules
```

# to build the website and Cassandra documentation using your local edits

> $ ./run.sh website build -g -u cassandra:/<full-path-to-parent-directory>/cassandra -b cassandra:<branch-with-changes>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd ../cassandra-website
$ ./run.sh website build -g -u cassandra:$(pwd)/../cassandra -b cassandra:<branch-with-your-changes>
```

> # open a browser window and navigate to file:///<full-path-to-parent-directory>/cassandra-website/site-content/build/html/Cassandra/.../index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# open a browser window and navigate to site-content/build/html/Cassandra/.../index.html
```
